when I got a call and I was offered
strictly come dancing I was excited I'm
terrified in equal measure let me tell
you it's frightening I'm most looking
forward to doing a successful first
dance and knowing that it that it went
well and having a pint in the bath after
I think Matt will be a nice pint all the
series of strictly that I've seen the
one that springs to mind is john sargent
i bestow he was brilliant and he had so
much dignity and grace and a sort of you
know self defecating humor he was
brilliant watch I am worried about being
absolutely rubbish and in front of half
the nation so that's what I'm slightly
concerned about I'm Craig Kelly please
watch me on Strictly Come Dancing this
autumn on BBC one